Filtering events payload with beforeSend callback (#24)
codex-team/hawk.php: README.md

]);
```

> ### Filtering events data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Filtering sensitive information
```

> Add `beforeSend` callback to filter data before it is send to Hawk. Use setters to set any value or set empty to remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `beforeSend` hook to filter any data you don't want to send to Hawk. Use setters to clear any property.
```

```php
\Hawk\Catcher::init([
    // ...
    'beforeSend' => function (\Hawk\EventPayload $eventPayload) {

>         $eventPayload->setTitle('');

Reviewer: Users will need a more realistic example. Something like that (didn't tested):

```php
$user = $eventPayload->getUser();

if (!empty($user['email'])){
  unset($user['email']);

  $eventPayload->setUser($user);
}   
```
